- HOT IN CLEVELAND
IS RECORDED
IN FRONT OF A LIVE
STUDIO AUDIENCE.
- OF COURSE
I'LL MARRY YOU.
- I WILL!
- OH, GOD, YES.
- WELL, THAT'S VERY SWEET
OF YOU LADIES,
BUT I'M PROPOSING
TO VICTORIA.
- YOU SURE?
I'VE ALWAYS PICTURED YOU
WITH AN OLDER WOMAN.
- ACTUALLY,
I HAVE ANOTHER RING,
BUT I'M WORRIED
THAT THE DIAMOND IS TOO BIG.
- THAT SENTENCE
DOESN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE.
LET ME SEE.
- [squeals]
OH!
- ALL RIGHT, VERY FUNNY.
- WHAT?
- YOU'RE IMITATING ME
IN FRONT OF YOUR FRIENDS?
- NO! HONEST.
WE WEREN'T EVEN
TALKING ABOUT THAT.
- BUT NOW WE HAVE TO.
- UH, ALEC SAW A MOUSE
IN OUR APARTMENT LAST NIGHT,
AND HE MADE
THE CUTEST SOUND,
LIKE A HIGH-PITCHED SQUEAL.
- IT WAS A MANLY GASP.
I MADE THE SAME GASP
WHEN OHIO STATE BEAT MICHIGAN.
- IN GYMNASTICS?
- THERE'S BEEN
A LOT OF MICE AROUND
BECAUSE OF THE RAIN.
- OH, THERE WAS A CUTE ONE
IN THE MAILBOX THIS MORNING.
- SO THEY'RE HERE TOO?
I DON'T LIKE THEM.
THEY FREAK ME OUT.
- I UNDERSTAND.
ONCE, IN INDIA,
I WAS STARTLED
BY A CROUCHING BENGAL TIGER.
EVERY MAN HAS SOMETHING THAT
SENDS TERROR DOWN THEIR BONES.
FOR ME, IT'S TIGERS.
FOR ALEC, IT'S MICE.
- SO WHAT WAS
THE SQUEALING ABOUT?
- OH, EMMET IS GONNA PROPOSE
TO VICTORIA.
- HEY!
CONGRATULATIONS!
- I HAVE IT ALL ARRANGED.
ON OUR WAY
TO MOROCCO TOMORROW,
I'LL HAVE MY PLANE
LAND AT GRAND CAYMAN
SO WE CAN SWIM
WITH THE DOLPHINS.
ON MY SIGNAL,
VICTORIA'S DOLPHIN
WILL DIVE TO THE OCEAN FLOOR
AND RETURN
WITH A RING BOX.
WHAT IS IT?
- VICTORIA'S FOURTH HUSBAND
PROPOSED TO HER
BY DOLPHIN.
- OH, WELL, NO WORRIES.
I HAVE A BACKUP PLAN.
DAVID COPPERFIELD
WILL MAKE THE PYRAMIDS
DISAPPEAR,
REVEALING THE SPHINX,
HOLDING A SIGN SAYING,
"MARRY ME."
- SECOND HUSBAND.
ALSO, VICTORIA HAD NO IDEA
THE PYRAMIDS WERE THERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE,
SO IT'S KINDA LOST ON HER.
- OH!
HEY, I KNOW.
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE BILLY JOEL
SING YOUR PROPOSAL?
- I DID THAT
FOR MY THIRD WIFE.
SHE LEFT ME FOR HIM,
ACTUALLY.
- WELL, I'M SURE WE CAN
COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
- WELL, IT'S GONNA BE
DIFFICULT.
WITH VICTORIA'S FIVE MARRIAGES
AND MY FOUR,
IT'S HARD TO FIND A UNIQUE WAY
TO SAY, "I LOVE YOU FOREVER."
- WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE
SO UNIQUE?
MAYBE IT'S JUST BECAUSE
I'M FROM CLEVELAND,
BUT ISN'T TAKING SOMEONE
TO A NICE RESTAURANT
AND TELLING HER
THAT YOU WANNA SPEND
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE WITH HER
SPECIAL ENOUGH?
- SPECIAL ENOUGH FOR VICTORIA?
NO.
SHE GIVES AN ACCEPTANCE SPEECH
WHEN YOU PASS HER THE SALT.
NO, IT HAS TO HAVE SOME HUGE,
SURPRISING TWIST
THAT SHE WOULD NEVER EXPECT.
- SHE CAN'T
GO ON TALK SHOWS
AND SAY THAT I JUST PROPOSED
AT A RESTAURANT.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
MAYBE ALEC'S STUPID IDEA
ISN'T AS STUPID AS IT SOUNDS.
MAYBE THE TWIST IS
THAT THERE IS NO TWIST.
- YES, WHAT I LIKE
ABOUT ALEC'S STUPID IDEA
IS THAT VICTORIA WOULD NEVER
EXPECT ANYTHING SO ORDINARY.
- LET ME "YES, AND"
ALEC'S STUPID IDEA...
AND SUGGEST WE HIDE THE RING
IN A DESSERT.
- GREAT! WE'LL GO
WITH ALEC'S STUPID IDEA!
- AND I KNOW
THIS IS PRESUMPTUOUS,
BUT DO YOU THINK
MAYBE WE COULD ALL GO TOO
SO WE COULD WATCH?
- OF COURSE.
WE'LL CALL IT
A FAREWELL DINNER.
THAT WAY, YOU CAN ALL BE THERE
TO SQUEAL WHEN I ASK HER--
OR GASP IN A MANLY WAY.
- WELL, AT LEAST
I'M NOT AFRAID OF TIGERS.
- HONEY, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE SO DEFENSIVE.
I THINK IT'S ADORABLE
THAT YOU HAVE A FEMININE SIDE.
- WHAT? I DON'T HAVE
A FEMININE SIDE.
[whistle]
OOH! IT'S MY TEA KETTLE.
- YEAH, BUT JUST
DON'T DRINK TOO MUCH.
I DON'T WANT YOUR LEG BOUNCING
ALL THROUGH  PROJECT RUNWAY.
- MELANIE,
IF YOU DON'T MIND ME SAYING,
I THINK YOU HANDLED THAT
TERRIBLY.
- WHAT?
- YOU HAVE TO BUILD UP
HIS MALE EGO.
ALEC IS A MAN.
MAKE HIM FEEL LIKE ONE.
- MAYBE ALEC WOULD
FEEL MORE LIKE A MAN
IF EMMET AND I
HAD A FLING.
- HOW WOULD THAT HELP?
- IT WOULD HELP ME.
- OKAY, ALEC'S COMING,
AND I HAVE A PLAN
TO MAKE HIM FEEL MORE MANLY.
OOH!
I CAN'T OPEN THIS JAR.
AND ME WANTING A PICKLE
SO BAD!
HI, HONEY.
- HEY.
YOU WANT ME TO GET THAT FOR YOU?
- YEAH, THANKS.
IT'S SO NICE HAVING A MAN
AROUND THE HOUSE WHO CAN OPEN--
- WHAT'S PLAN "B"?
- I CAN'T GET A GOOD GRIP.
DO YOU HAVE ONE OF THOSE
RUBBER GRIPPY THINGS?
- YEAH, I THINK SO.
- OOH, PICKLES.
- UH, DON'T FEEL BAD.
JOY HAS MAN HANDS.
- AND I DON'T?
- YOU KNOW, FORGET THE PICKLES.
WHY DON'T YOU GO OUT BACK
AND CHOP US SOME FIREWOOD?
- GOOD IDEA.
- HAVE YOU EVER
HANDLED AN AXE BEFORE?
- OF COURSE I HAVE.
IN HIGH SCHOOL, I WAS IN
SEVEN BRIDES
FOR SEVEN BROTHERS.
- SHOULD WE CALL
THE PARAMEDICS NOW, OR WAIT?
- 9-1--
I'M READY.
- HELLO, EVERYONE.
- OH, HONEY, YOU HAVE MASCARA
ALL OVER YOUR FACE.
- OH!
DOES ANYONE HAVE A TISSUE?
- OH, HELP YOURSELF.
- OH, THANKS.
- WHY WERE YOU CRYING?
- OH, WELL,
YOU KNOW HOW EMOTIONAL I GET
WHEN I'M HAPPY.
AND I WAS OUT SHOPPING
FOR MY TRIP WITH EMMET,
AND I STARTED THINKING.
WHEN I CAME HERE
THREE YEARS AGO,
MY CAREER WAS IN THE TOILET,
NOBODY WANTED ME.
AND NOW...
THERE'S TALK OF
AN ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATION.
- FROM YOU.
- STILL, THERE'S TALK.
AND TOMORROW,
I AM GOING TO MOROCCO
WITH THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.
- OH, HONEY,
WE'RE SO HAPPY FOR YOU.
WE'RE GONNA MISS YOU.
- WELL,
I'M GONNA MISS YOU TOO.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I AM GONNA BE SPENDING THE NEXT
THREE MONTHS WITH EMMET,
SO HOW ABOUT I CANCEL
THE FAREWELL DINNER
AND WE HAVE
A GIRLS' NIGHT INSTEAD?
[all react]
- YOU CAN'T DO THAT, UH-HUH.
- AH.
- WELL, UM, BECAUSE THERE'S,
UM, GONNA BE PRESS THERE.
- [excited whisper]
THERE'S GONNA BE PRESS?
OH, I LOVE PRESS.
OH, NO, THAT MEANS
I ONLY HAVE, WHAT...
SIX HOURS
TO GET CAMERA-READY.
THAT ONLY ALLOWS ME TWO TIMES
TO HATE WHAT I'VE DONE
AND START ALL OVER.
- AHH!
- AND ONE.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
MY PLEASURE.
[camera clicks]
- [winces]
MY BACK IS KILLING ME!
- I KNOW, BABY.
I'M SORRY.
BUT IT IS KINDA HOT
THAT YOU HURT IT
DOING SUCH A MANLY THING.
- YEAH, WELL,
I'D FEEL A LOT MORE MANLY
IF I WEREN'T...
YOU KNOW...
WEARING YOUR SPANX.
- WEBMD SAID YOU HAD TO WEAR
SOMETHING TO SUPPORT YOUR BACK,
AND YOU COULDN'T EVEN WALK
BEFORE YOU PUT THOSE ON.
AND ON THE PLUS SIDE,
YOU HAVE NO VISIBLE PANTY LINES.
- I DON'T HAVE
ANY VISIBLE ANYTHING.
I'M LIKE A KEN DOLL.
- YOU ARE THE MOST
MASCULINE MAN HERE,
AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT.
- WELL, THANK YOU.
[wincing]
- HELLO.
- HEY, EMMET.
- ALEC.
- EMMET.
- WELL, IT'S ALL ARRANGED.
AFTER DINNER,
YOU AND JOY WILL SLIP AWAY
AND HIDE THIS RING
IN A CHOCOLATE MOUSSE.
AH, THERE'S MY GIRL.
WHAT IS SHE DOING?
- WELL, SHE SAID
SHE WANTED TO STAY IN TONIGHT,
SO I TOLD HER
THAT YOU HAD PRESS COMING.
- YOU DO KNOW
SHE'S CRAZY, RIGHT?
- KNOW IT AND LOVE IT.
- OKAY, THE RING IS IN.
- OH, I AM SO EXCITED.
I COULD BARELY MAKE IT
THROUGH DINNER.
LET ME JUST SMOOTH THE TOP.
MM.
THIS IS SO GOOD!
AND THE BEST PART IS,
THERE ARE NO CALORIES
IN PROPOSAL DESSERT.
- OH, I FORGOT THAT SCIENCE.
HEY, HIT ME WITH
THAT PROPOSAL WHIPPED CREAM.
both: MM. MM.
- DOES THIS FEEL
A LITTLE PORN-Y TO YOU?
- I DON'T CARE.
- OH, LOOK AT HER
OUT THERE...
FIGHTING HER HAPPINESS
SO SHE DOESN'T RUIN HER MAKEUP.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE NOT GONNA SEE HER
FOR THREE WHOLE MONTHS.
- THE HOUSE
IS GOING TO SEEM SO EMPTY.
YOU'RE LIVING WITH ALEC,
AND NOW SHE'S GETTING ENGAGED.
WAIT, ENGAGED.
I'VE BEEN SO FOCUSED ON
THIS PROPOSAL, I FORGOT.
VICTORIA'S GETTING MARRIED
AND SHE'LL LIVE WITH EMMET.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
SHE MIGHT NOT COME BACK
TO CLEVELAND AT ALL.
WELL, WHY ARE WE EVEN HELPING
WITH THIS STUPID PROPOSAL?
[both laughing]
- BECAUSE IT MAKES HER HAPPY.
- WELL,
WE CAN BE HAPPY FOR HER
AND SAD FOR US
AT THE SAME TIME, RIGHT?
- YES.
BUT TONIGHT'S HER NIGHT.
COME ON, LET'S GET THE MOUSSE
TO THE WAITER AND--
- [gasps]
WHERE'D IT GO?
- SOMEONE'S TAKEN IT.
- WELL, WHAT DO WE DO?
- WE JUST LOST
A $500,000 DIAMOND RING!
I SAY WE PANIC.
- OKAY,
LET'S RETRACE OUR STEPS.
- WE PUT THE RING IN THE MOUSSE.
THAT WAS OUR ONLY STEP!
- AND THEN WE TURNED AROUND.
AAH!
- AAH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
- WE LOST THE RING.
- BUT DON'T TELL EMMET.
JUST GET VICTORIA
TO THE LADIES' ROOM
WHILE WE LOOK FOR IT.
- UH, WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO SAY TO HER?
- JUST TELL HER
TO REAPPLY HER FOUNDATION.
- HOW WOULD I KNOW THAT?
- IT DOESN'T MATTER.
SHE'S A WOMAN.
IT'S A CRITICISM.
SHE'LL BELIEVE YOU.
SHOULD I ASK?
- NO, NO, NO.
- VICTORIA...
YOUR FOUNDATION,
IT LOOKS--
- WHAT?
- WELL, YOU KNOW.
- OH, MY GOD.
I'M HIDEOUS!
LOOK AWAY.
LOOK AWAY!
- IT'S NOT IN THE KITCHEN.
- WELL, THAT RING
DID NOT JUST DISAPPEAR.
WHERE COULD IT BE?
- OH, MY GOD, IT'S A RING!
- OH, NO,
I'VE BEEN UPSTAGED.
- OF COURSE I'LL MARRY YOU.
- FALSE ALARM!
FALSE ALARM.
NO, NO, NO.
DON'T CLAP, DON'T CLAP.
SEE, 'CAUSE HE DIDN'T
REALLY PROPOSE.
- WHAT?
- WAIT, WHA-WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- WE PUT THIS RING
IN THE MOUSSE.
- BUT I--
- WAIT!
- OH, IT'S NOT OUR RING!
OUR DIAMOND IS HUGE,
THIS ONE'S TINY.
NOT THAT THAT'S NOT NICE.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S GOOD TO BE PRACTICAL.
WANT TO BUY A HOUSE
ONE DAY.
HE'S A GOOD ONE YOU GOT
RIGHT HERE.
- SO, HOW'D YOU TWO MEET?
- COULD YOU PLEASE GO NOW?
- THEY'RE ENGAGED, EVERYBODY!
ENGAGED!
- YOU LOST MY RING?
- NO, IT'S GOTTA BE HERE
SOMEWHERE.
- WHY DID I EVER SIGN OFF
ON ALEC'S STUPID IDEA?
- NOWHERE
IN MY SO-CALLED IDEA--
- THERE'LL BE PLENTY OF TIME
TO BLAME ALEC LATER.
RIGHT NOW,
WE HAVE TO FIND A WAY
TO KEEP VICTORIA
IN THE LADIES' ROOM
SO WE CAN FIND THE RING.
- WAIT! HOW'RE WE GONNA
KEEP HER IN THERE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
BUT WE HAVE TO BE CAREFUL.
VICTORIA'S VERY EMOTIONAL
RIGHT NOW.
EVERYTHING MAKES HER CRY.
- THAT'S IT!
- WHAT WAS THAT CLAPPING?
IS THE PRESS HERE?
HOW DO I LOOK?
- AW.
WELL, AT THE RISK
OF RUINING YOUR MAKEUP,
YOU LOOK LIKE THE LUCKIEST WOMAN
IN THE WORLD.
- OH, I AM, AREN'T I?
I HAVE DEAR FRIENDS AND--
AND A WONDERFUL MAN
WHO LOVES ME.
- AND HE'S RICH TOO.
- SO RICH.
OH, I'VE GOTTA REDO
MY MASCARA.
- GOTTA GO.
- CONGRATS AGAIN.
- GO AWAY.
- OH, NO!
THE RING COULD BE
IN ANY ONE OF THESE!
- START DIGGING.
- MM. IT'S A FANTASY OF MINE
TO BE FORCED TO EAT CHOCOLATE.
I AM BEING FORCED, RIGHT?
- MM-HMM.
WE'RE DOING THIS FOR A FRIEND.
WE'RE HEROES.
- OH, MY GOD!
IT'S A DIAMOND!
- WAIT, IT MIGHT NOT BE OURS.
- IT'S HUGE!
- IT'S OURS.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
YOU FINALLY ASKED ME.
- UH, BRENDA, I, UH--
- UM, BRENDA, UH, I THINK
WHAT HE'S TRYING TO SAY
IS THERE'S BEEN
A LITTLE MISTAKE.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"MISTAKE"?
- THAT RING WASN'T
ACTUALLY MEANT FOR YOU.
- BUT YOU TWO SEEM LIKE
SUCH A GREAT COUPLE.
I'M SURE THERE'S A PROPOSAL
IN YOUR FUTURE.
- WHEN?
WE'VE BEEN TOGETHER
17 YEARS.
- 17 YEARS?
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?
STILL NOT SURE?
STILL DON'T KNOW
IF SHE'S THE ONE?
- I KNOW, RIGHT?
- BUT YOU AGREED THAT MARRIAGE
IS JUST A PIECE OF PAPER.
YOU SAID YOU LIKED BEING LIKE
GOLDIE HAWN AND KURT RUSSELL.
- OH, ALL WOMEN SAY THAT.
NONE OF THEM
ACTUALLY MEAN IT.
- GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
THIS WAS SUCH A PERFECT NIGHT
FOR HIM TO PROPOSE.
- OH, SWEETIE.
- [crying]
AND I'M EVEN WEARING
MY GRANDMOTHER'S ANTIQUE BLOUSE.
YES, IT'S-IT'S--
IT'S DELICATE.
- THANK YOU.
- YOU DESERVE BETTER
THAN THIS GUY.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DO!
TWO WORDS I NOW REALIZE
I AM NEVER GONNA SAY TO YOU.
- BRENDA, WAIT!
- LET HER GO, KURT RUSSELL,
LET HER GO.
- LET'S GET VICTORIA.
- HEY, EMMET, HEADS UP.
- OH, FORGET ALL THIS
GIMMICKY DESSERT BUSINESS.
I'M JUST GONNA BE IN THE MOMENT,
SPEAK FROM THE HEART.
I'LL OPEN THE BOX AND SAY,
"YOUR SOUL COMPLETES ME.
BE MINE FOREVER."
- [shrieks]
- WOW!
EMMET LAWSON'S PROPOSING!
TO A DUDE.
[clapping]
- WHY DID YOU SQUEAL?
- I SAW A MOUSE!
YOU WOULD'VE
DONE THE SAME THING
IF A TIGER SCURRIED
ALONG THE FLOOR!
- YOU LOOK SO BEAUTIFUL.
- WE'RE GONNA MISS YOU
SO MUCH.
- OH, STOP!
YOU KNOW WHEN OTHER PEOPLE CRY
I MIRROR CRY.
AND IT'S ONLY GONNA BE
FOR THREE MONTHS.
- THAT'S RIGHT.
JUST THREE MONTHS.
- ALL RIGHT, NOW,
NO MORE SAD FACES.
THE PRESS
IS GONNA BE HERE SOON,
AND I WANT THE REST
OF THIS NIGHT TO GO SMOOTHLY.
[excited chatter outside]
HEY, WHAT'S HAPPENING
OUT THERE?
- PEOPLE ARE GOING CRAZY.
IT TURNS OUT
EMMET LAWSON IS GAY.
- EMMET...
WHAT IS THIS
ABOUT YOU BEING GAY?
- VICTORIA, SIT DOWN.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I NEED TO TELL YOU.
- OH, DEAR GOD.
I KNEW IT WAS TOO GOOD
TO BE TRUE.
I SAW THE WAY
YOU WERE LOOKING AT ALEC
AS HE SASHAYED
ACROSS THE FLOOR.
- VICTORIA,
I'VE SPENT THE LAST FEW DAYS
REHEARSING THE PERFECT LINES
TO SAY AT THIS MOMENT.
BUT NOW THAT IT'S HERE,
ALL I CAN THINK OF
TO SAY IS...
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU
WITH ALL MY HEART,
AND I WANT TO SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE WITH YOU.
- OH, EMMET.
OH, MY GOD.
- VICTORIA CHASE,
WILL YOU--
- U.S. TREASURY AGENTS.
EMMET LAWSON, YOU ARE
UNDER ARREST FOR TAX FRAUD.
- WHAT!
- YOU MUST BE MISTAKEN.
THIS IS SIR EMMET LAWSON,
THE ACTOR.
- THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
TAX FRAUD?
- YES.
- I DON'T EVEN DO MY TAXES.
SPEAK TO
MY BUSINESS MANAGER.
HE WAS ARRESTED
AT THE AIRPORT,
WHICH IS WHY YOU'VE
BEEN DEEMED A FLIGHT RISK.
- A FLIGHT RISK?
BUT WE'RE LEAVING FOR MOROCCO
IN THE MORNING.
- YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
- OH, HE WILL BE SILENT
IN A SECOND, I PROMISE.
BUT PLEASE, PLEASE JUST LET HIM
FINISH SOMETHING FIRST.
- YOU SURE YOU WANT ME TO?
I'M BEING ARRESTED.
I WOULD UNDERSTAND
IF YOU WANT TO POSTPONE THIS.
- MY ANSWER
IS NOT GOING TO CHANGE.
- VICTORIA CHASE,
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
- OF COURSE.
I LOVE YOU.
- I LOVE YOU TOO.
- [gasps]
- I'M SORRY, THIS IS PROPERTY
OF THE GOVERNMENT NOW.
- IT IS STUNNING THOUGH,
MA'AM.
YOU'RE LUCKY TO HAVE A MAN
WHO WANTS TO COMMIT.
- NOT NOW, AGENT TANAKA.
- DARLING, I DO APOLOGIZE
FOR THIS APPALLING PROPOSAL.
- WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THIS IS THE BEST PROPOSAL
I HAVE EVER HAD.
- MY IDEA.
- [sighs]
WELL, IT'S ALL A BIG MESS.
EMMET GOT DUPED
BY HIS BUSINESS MANAGER
AND BLINDLY SIGNED PAPERS
FOR SOME SHADY DEALS.
NOW THEY WON'T EVEN
LET HIM OUT ON BAIL.
- OH, VICTORIA,
I'M SO SORRY.
- THEY WANNA MAKE
A CELEBRITY EXAMPLE OUT OF HIM,
LIKE MARTHA STEWART.
- BUT HE'S NOT TOUGH
LIKE SHE IS.
HE CAN'T CARVE A GOURD
INTO A JAPANESE THROWING STAR.
- LOOK, EMMET IS VERY TOUGH.
HE LIVED WITH WOLVES.
HE LIVED WITH ANNE HECHE.
HE'LL GET THROUGH THIS.
- OH, I DON'T KNOW.
HE COULD SPEND
THE NEXT TEN YEARS IN JAIL.
OH, MY GOD.
WHEN HE GETS OUT,
I'LL BE OLD.
- RELAX, THAT'D BE TRUE
IF HE GOT OUT TOMORROW.
- ELKA, WE'RE TRYING
TO STAY POSITIVE.
- HONEY, IS THERE ANYTHING
WE CAN DO?
- ACTUALLY, YES.
FOR JUST ONE MOMENT,
COULD WE PRETEND
THAT THE ONLY THING
THAT HAPPENED TONIGHT IS...
I GOT ENGAGED!
- YES, YOU DID!
- CONGRATULATIONS.
- WELL, AS LONG AS WE'RE
PRETENDING EVERYTHING'S OKAY,
LET'S HAVE SOME
OF THAT CHOCOLATE MOUSSE
YOU BROUGHT HOME.
- WHAT'S THAT LUMP?
- OH, NO.
ANOTHER RING?
- KEEP EATING!
IT'S GOTTA BE
IN THERE SOMEWHERE!
IT'S GONNA BE WORTH IT.